hey everyone
things are going good here in Okinawa
Japan and I really can't wait to come
home and see my family again love you
grandma
WestJet and airline decide to use
technology and some quick shopping to
make a Christmas miracle happen for some
surprised passengers you're gonna love
this
Merry Christmas twas the night before
Christmas and all across the land the
good folks of WestJet but a miracle
planned
on the eve before flying the guests were
in their beds visions of traveling
danced to their heads while out on the
runway
something secret had arrived it was left
in the lounge to us a Christmas surprise
oh hello there is that is that Cohen
what are you looking for Christmas this
year Cohen a choo-choo train Oh a
classic do you like Thomas what would
mummy and daddy like fur for Christmas
big TV
yeah Oh a big TV you're looking fabulous
I need kids it's so good if you just
want to stare at me as well Oh what I
need is a new socks and underwear
Android tablet
is that William beside you and Cameron
some Santa boobs
while the guests told their Christmas
wishes to good old Saint Nick
westjetters
took notes and are ready to shop click
it was a great wash with the two flights
in the air to get all those presents not
a moment to spare
okay
thanks for flying with us at WestJet sit
back relax and enjoy the rest of your
flight
but was everything ready
we all had to wait for the moment of
truth at carousel eight
the guests never expected what they
asked of SafeNet would actually appear
it was all quite a trick a West Jenner
would say it was more than mere fun
miracles do happen
when we all work as one we'll give Santa
the last word on this most special night
merry Christmas to all and to all a good
flight
you